Origin of the game
    Created by Merle Robbins in the early seventies,
    Uno is one of the most popular card games in the world.
    It is played between 2 to 4 people and ages 7 and up.
    The winner is the one who has no more cards in his hand.


UNO CARDS
    The Uno board game contains 108 cards.
    These are divided into 4 color families (yellow, red, blue and green)
    and are divided into two distinct categories: simple cards and special cards.

    Simple cards:
        Single cards are numbered from 0 to 9.
        Each number comes in two copies of the same color,
        except zero which only has one.

    Special cards:
        Special cards, also called action cards or symbol cards,
        allow you to implement strategies by observing your opponents.
        In the traditional version, there are five.

    The “+2” card:
        presents a double advantage.
        It forces the next player to take 2 cards and pass their turn.
        Note that it is possible to circumvent the action of this card by placing a “+2”,
        of the same color or not, which will force the next person to draw more cards
        (4 in total) and pass their turn.

    The Joker or Joker Joker:
        This card allows the person who places it to choose a new color
        (red, green, yellow or blue).
        To do this, the player must announce his choice by placing the card.

    The “Super Joker” card or +4: It allows the player who plays it to choose the color
        which will be played and forces the next player to take 4 cards.
        Note that it is also possible to counter this card if the
        next player has a +4 or +2 card.

    The “Reversal of direction” card: It allows you to reverse the direction of the game

    The “Pass your turn” card: Forces the next player not to play.
        Note that this card can be countered
        if the next player has a <<Pass your turn>> card


Progress of the game
    The order of play is defined according to the order in which the names of the players are registered.
    Next, the deck of cards must be shuffled and each player is given 5 cards at the start.
    part. Then, a first card is drawn from the cards and it serves as the first card of the game.
    This is the first card on the stack. She can't give her a special card.
    To play, the player who has his turn can only play a card having
    the same number or the same color. 
    For example, if the card on the playing pile is a red card which is a 3,
    the player can place either a red card,
    either a card with a 3 of any color
    or the same symbol as the last card on the card pile (if it is a special card).
    The player can also play several cards.
    For example, if the card on the playing pile is a red card which is a 3,
    the player can place a sequence of cards with the same number for example
    green 3 + yellow 3 + blue 3 or place a card of the same color first
    and then cards or a card with the same number as the placed card.
    For example, red 4 + green 4 + yellow 4.
    When a player cannot play, he must draw a card.
    It should be noted that it is also possible not to play a playable card.
    In this case, the player must draw a card.
    Special cards can be countered.
    In the case of +2 or +4 cards, if countered, the last player cannot counter
    is obliged to take the sum of the cards + placed on the carpet.
    It should also be noted that a player can choose not to counter.


HOW TO WIN?
    The game ends as soon as a player has no more cards in their hand.
    But be careful as soon as there is a card left in the player's hand, the latter must say "Uno"
    otherwise he is forced to take an extra card.


Source: https://www.joueclub.fr/contenu/les-regles-officielles-du-uno.html
